Improving task estimation should be a continuous goal of your team.
Estimating user stories is done in story points,
but when we do task estimates, we want them in hours.
Remember, tasks are very discreet units of technical work.
Okay.
Now developers may resist making estimates since it can be hard to do,
and after development begins,
they don't want to be all stressed out trying to make their estimates.
To make up for this, developers sometimes pad their estimates two or three times,
and even then it may be too low.
We don't want to have this happen.
Always use ideal time, not calendar time when making estimates.
Calendar time means nothing to me since you don't know if
someone is working for 8 hours a day, 12 hours a day,
taking a vacation, or any other multitude of variations.
Yet, ask any developer, and they will say, well, I should be done by Friday.
Wrong answer.
What I want to know is the number of ideal hours remaining.
Now research shows using a consistent estimating technique
by your team will yield better estimates.
Remember,
your velocity is your feedback loop to see how well your task
estimates compare to your story point estimates.
If you underestimate, you will likely not finish your user stories.
Now,
that's basically okay since this causes your velocity to go down
because you did not finish your user stories,
thus taking on fewer user stories in the next sprint,
which makes total sense.
This will help normalize and level out your velocity.
Velocity is such a great feedback loop,
and it helps your team calibrate your estimation practices and individual competencies for both task and user story estimates.